website/docs/g/faq.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "akamai"
page_title: "Akamai: FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)"
sidebar_current: "docs-akamai-guide-faq"
description: |-
  Frequently Asked Questions
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

## Migrating a property to Terraform

If you have an existing property you would like to migrate to Terraform we recommend the following process:

1. Export your rules.json from your existing property (using the API, CLI, or Control Center)
2. Create a terraform configuration that pulls in the rules.json
3. Assign a temporary hostname for testing (hint: you can use the edge hostname as the public hostname to allow testing without changing any DNS)
4. Activate the property and test thoroughly
5. Once testing has concluded successfully, update the configuration to assign the production public hostnames
6. Activate again

Once this second activation completes Akamai will automatically route all traffic to the new property and will deactivate the original property entirely if all hostnames are no longer pointed at it.

Since Terraform assumes it is the de-facto state for any resource it leverages, we strongly recommend creating a new property based off an existing rules.json tree when starting with the provider to mitigate any risks to existing setups. 

## Dynamic Rule Trees Using Templates

If you wish to inject terraform data into your rules.json, for example an origin address, you can use Terraform templates to do so like so:

First decide where your origin value will come from, this could be another Terraform resource such as your origin cloud provider, or it could be a terraform input variable like this:

```hcl
variable "origin" { }
```

Because we have not specified a default, a value is required when executing the config. We can then reference this variable using `${vars.origin}` in our template data source:

```hcl
data "template_file" "init" {
  template = "${file("rules.json")}"
  vars = {
    origin = "${vars.origin}"
  }
}
```

Then in our `rules.json` we would have:

```json
{
  "name": "origin",
  "options": {
    "hostname": "**${origin}**",
    ...
  }
},
```

You can also inject entire JSON blocks using the same mechanism:

```json
{
	"rules": {
		"behaviors": [
    		${origin}

	    ]
	}
}
```
## Migrating a GTM domain (and contained objects) to Terraform

Migrating an existing GTM domain can be done in many ways. Two such methods include:

### Via Command Line Utility

A package, [CLI-Terraform-GTM](https://github.com/akamai/cli-terraform-gtm), for the [Akamai CLI](https://developer.akamai.com/cli) provides a time saving means to collect information about, generate a configuration for, and import an existing GTM domain and its contained objects and attributes. With the package, you can:

1. Generate a json formatted list of all domain objects
2. Generate a Terraform configuration for the domain and contained objects
3. Generate a command line script to import all defined resources

It is recommended that the existing domain configuration (using the API or Control Center) be downloaded before hand as a backup and reference.  Additionally, a terraform plan should be executed after importing to validate the generated tfstate. Note: The first time plan is run, an update will be shown for the provider defined domain fields: contract, group and wait_on_complete.

### Via Step By Step Construction

1. Download your existing domain configuration (using the API or Control Center) as a backup and reference.
2. Using the domain download as a reference, create a terraform configuration representing the the existing domain and all contained GTM objects. Note: In creating each resource block, make note of `required`, `optional` and `computed` fields.
3. Use the Terraform Import command to import the existing domain and contained objects; singularly and in serial order.
4. (Optional, Recommended) Review domain download content and created terraform.tfstate to confirm the domain and all objects are represented correctly
5. Execute a `Terraform Plan` on the configuration. The plan should be empty. If not, correct accordingly and repeat until plan is empty and configuration is in sync with the GTM Backend.

Since Terraform assumes it is the de-facto state for any resource it leverages, we strongly recommend staging the domain and objects imports in a test environment to familiarize yourself with the provider operation and mitigate any risks to the existing GTM domain configuration.

## Leverage template_file and snippets to render your configuration file

The ‘rules’ argument within the akamai_property resource enables leveraging the full breadth of the Akamai’s property management capabilities. This requires that a valid json string is passed on as opposed to a filename. Terraform enables this via the "local_file" data source that loads the file.

```hcl
data "local_file" "rules" {
  filename = "${path.module}/rules.json"
}
 
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
  ....
  rules = "${data.local_file.terraform-demo.content}"
}
```

Microservices driven and DevOps users typically want additional flexibility - using delegating snippets of the configuration to different users, and inserting variables within code. Terraform's "template_file" is provides that additoinal value. Use the example below to construct a template_file data resource that helps maintain a rules.json with variables inside it:

```hcl
data "template_file" "rules" {
template = "${file("${path.module}/rules.json")}"
vars = {
origin = "${var.origin}"
  }
}
 
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
...
rules = "${data.template_file.rules.rendered}"
}

"rules": {
  "name": "default",
  "children": [
    ${file("${snippets}/performance.json")}
    ],
    ${file("${snippets}/default.json")}
  ],
"options": {
    "is_secure": true
  }
},
  "ruleFormat": "v2018-02-27"
}
```

More advanced users want different properties to use different rule sets. This can be done by maintaining a base rule set and then importing individual rule sets. To do this we first create a directory structure - something like:

```dir
rules/rules.json
rules/snippets/routing.json
rules/snippets/performance.json
…
```

The "rules" directory contains a single file "rules.json" and a sub directory containing all rule snippets. Here, we would provide a basic template for our json.

```json
"rules": {
  "name": "default",
  "children": [
    ${file("${snippets}/performance.json")}
    ],
    ${file("${snippets}/routing.json")}
  ],
"options": {
    "is_secure": true
    }
  },
  "ruleFormat": "v2018-02-27"
```
Then remove the "template_file" section we added earlier and replace it with:

```hcl
data "template_file" "rule_template" {
template = "${file("${path.module}/rules/rules.json")}"
vars = {
snippets = "${path.module}/rules/snippets"
  }
}
data "template_file" "rules" {
template = "${data.template_file.rule_template.rendered}"
vars = {
tdenabled = var.tdenabled
  }
}
```

This enables Terraform to process the rules.json & pull each fragment that's referenced and then to pass its output through another template_file section to process it a second time. This is because the first pass creates the entire json and the second pass replaces the variables that we need for each fragment. As before, we can utilize the rendered output in our property definition.

```hcl
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
....
rules = "${data.template_file.rules.rendered}"
}
```

## How does Terraform handle changes made through other clients (UI, APIs)?
We recommend that anyone using Terraform should manage all changes through the provider. However in case this isn't true in emergency scenarios, the terraform state tree will become inconsistent. The next 'terraform plan' will warn and suggest changes. In case you make the same change in the UI and terraform, the state will go back to being consistent and the warning will go away.

## Upgrading the Akamai Provider

To upgrade the provider, simply run `terraform init` again, and all providers will be updated to their latest version within specified version constraints.

Commit message:

Update schema target, liveness, staticRR, Assignments lists based on existing resource order. Update docs

website/docs/g/faq.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "akamai"
page_title: "Akamai: FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)"
sidebar_current: "docs-akamai-guide-faq"
description: |-
  Frequently Asked Questions
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

## Migrating a property to Terraform

If you have an existing property you would like to migrate to Terraform we recommend the following process:

1. Export your rules.json from your existing property (using the API, CLI, or Control Center)
2. Create a terraform configuration that pulls in the rules.json
3. Assign a temporary hostname for testing (hint: you can use the edge hostname as the public hostname to allow testing without changing any DNS)
4. Activate the property and test thoroughly
5. Once testing has concluded successfully, update the configuration to assign the production public hostnames
6. Activate again

Once this second activation completes Akamai will automatically route all traffic to the new property and will deactivate the original property entirely if all hostnames are no longer pointed at it.

Since Terraform assumes it is the de-facto state for any resource it leverages, we strongly recommend creating a new property based off an existing rules.json tree when starting with the provider to mitigate any risks to existing setups. 

## Dynamic Rule Trees Using Templates

If you wish to inject terraform data into your rules.json, for example an origin address, you can use Terraform templates to do so like so:

First decide where your origin value will come from, this could be another Terraform resource such as your origin cloud provider, or it could be a terraform input variable like this:

```hcl
variable "origin" { }
```

Because we have not specified a default, a value is required when executing the config. We can then reference this variable using `${vars.origin}` in our template data source:

```hcl
data "template_file" "init" {
  template = "${file("rules.json")}"
  vars = {
    origin = "${vars.origin}"
  }
}
```

Then in our `rules.json` we would have:

```json
{
  "name": "origin",
  "options": {
    "hostname": "**${origin}**",
    ...
  }
},
```

You can also inject entire JSON blocks using the same mechanism:

```json
{
	"rules": {
		"behaviors": [
    		${origin}

	    ]
	}
}
```
## Migrating a GTM domain (and contained objects) to Terraform

Migrating an existing GTM domain can be done in many ways. Two such methods include:

### Via Command Line Utility

A package, [CLI-Terraform-GTM](https://github.com/akamai/cli-terraform-gtm), for the [Akamai CLI](https://developer.akamai.com/cli) provides a time saving means to collect information about, generate a configuration for, and import an existing GTM domain and its contained objects and attributes. With the package, you can:

1. Generate a json formatted list of all domain objects
2. Generate a Terraform configuration for the domain and contained objects
3. Generate a command line script to import all defined resources

Notes:
1. Terraform limits the characters that can be part of it's resource names. During construction of the resource configurations invalid characters are replaced with underscore , '_'
2. Terrform does not have any state during import of resources. Discrepencies may be identified in certain field lists during the first plan and/or apply following import as Terraform reconciles configurations and state. These discrepencies will clear following the first apply. 
  
It is recommended that the existing domain configuration (using the API or Control Center) be downloaded before hand as a backup and reference.  Additionally, a terraform plan should be executed after importing to validate the generated tfstate. Note: The first time plan is run, an update will be shown for the provider defined domain fields: contract, group and wait_on_complete.

### Via Step By Step Construction

1. Download your existing domain configuration (using the API or Control Center) as a backup and reference.
2. Using the domain download as a reference, create a terraform configuration representing the the existing domain and all contained GTM objects. Note: In creating each resource block, make note of `required`, `optional` and `computed` fields.
3. Use the Terraform Import command to import the existing domain and contained objects; singularly and in serial order.
4. (Optional, Recommended) Review domain download content and created terraform.tfstate to confirm the domain and all objects are represented correctly
5. Execute a `Terraform Plan` on the configuration. The plan should be empty. If not, correct accordingly and repeat until plan is empty and configuration is in sync with the GTM Backend.

Since Terraform assumes it is the de-facto state for any resource it leverages, we strongly recommend staging the domain and objects imports in a test environment to familiarize yourself with the provider operation and mitigate any risks to the existing GTM domain configuration.

## GTM Terraform Resource Field Representation During Plan and/or Apply

Terraform presents not only fields defined in the configuration, but all defined resource fields, during a Plan or Apply action. Fields are either required, optional or computed as specified in each resource description. Default values for fields will display if not explicitly configured. In many cases, the default will be zero, empty string or empty list depending on the the type. These default or empty values are informational and not included in resource updates. 

## Leverage template_file and snippets to render your configuration file

The ‘rules’ argument within the akamai_property resource enables leveraging the full breadth of the Akamai’s property management capabilities. This requires that a valid json string is passed on as opposed to a filename. Terraform enables this via the "local_file" data source that loads the file.

```hcl
data "local_file" "rules" {
  filename = "${path.module}/rules.json"
}
 
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
  ....
  rules = "${data.local_file.terraform-demo.content}"
}
```

Microservices driven and DevOps users typically want additional flexibility - using delegating snippets of the configuration to different users, and inserting variables within code. Terraform's "template_file" is provides that additoinal value. Use the example below to construct a template_file data resource that helps maintain a rules.json with variables inside it:

```hcl
data "template_file" "rules" {
template = "${file("${path.module}/rules.json")}"
vars = {
origin = "${var.origin}"
  }
}
 
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
...
rules = "${data.template_file.rules.rendered}"
}

"rules": {
  "name": "default",
  "children": [
    ${file("${snippets}/performance.json")}
    ],
    ${file("${snippets}/default.json")}
  ],
"options": {
    "is_secure": true
  }
},
  "ruleFormat": "v2018-02-27"
}
```

More advanced users want different properties to use different rule sets. This can be done by maintaining a base rule set and then importing individual rule sets. To do this we first create a directory structure - something like:

```dir
rules/rules.json
rules/snippets/routing.json
rules/snippets/performance.json
…
```

The "rules" directory contains a single file "rules.json" and a sub directory containing all rule snippets. Here, we would provide a basic template for our json.

```json
"rules": {
  "name": "default",
  "children": [
    ${file("${snippets}/performance.json")}
    ],
    ${file("${snippets}/routing.json")}
  ],
"options": {
    "is_secure": true
    }
  },
  "ruleFormat": "v2018-02-27"
```
Then remove the "template_file" section we added earlier and replace it with:

```hcl
data "template_file" "rule_template" {
template = "${file("${path.module}/rules/rules.json")}"
vars = {
snippets = "${path.module}/rules/snippets"
  }
}
data "template_file" "rules" {
template = "${data.template_file.rule_template.rendered}"
vars = {
tdenabled = var.tdenabled
  }
}
```

This enables Terraform to process the rules.json & pull each fragment that's referenced and then to pass its output through another template_file section to process it a second time. This is because the first pass creates the entire json and the second pass replaces the variables that we need for each fragment. As before, we can utilize the rendered output in our property definition.

```hcl
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
....
rules = "${data.template_file.rules.rendered}"
}
```

## How does Terraform handle changes made through other clients (UI, APIs)?
We recommend that anyone using Terraform should manage all changes through the provider. However in case this isn't true in emergency scenarios, the terraform state tree will become inconsistent. The next 'terraform plan' will warn and suggest changes. In case you make the same change in the UI and terraform, the state will go back to being consistent and the warning will go away.

## Upgrading the Akamai Provider

To upgrade the provider, simply run `terraform init` again, and all providers will be updated to their latest version within specified version constraints.
