---
layout: "akamai"
page_title: "Akamai: 1.0.0 Migration Guide"
description: |-
  Learn how to migrate the Provisioning module to Akamai Terraform Provider version 1.0.0.
---

# Akamai Terraform Provider: 1.0.0 Migration Guide

Version 1.0.0 of the Akamai Terraform Provider is the latest major release. 

Currently, you can only upgrade the Provisioning module to version 1.0.0. You'll be able to migrate all other Akamai Provider modules as part of a future release. 

This new version includes changes that may impact your Terraform configuration. You should review these changes before upgrading from version 0.X to version 1.0.0. 

!> There are several [required changes](#required-changes) that you need to complete before upgrading. These objects all had major changes: `akamai_property`, `akamai_property_variables`, `akamai_property_rules`, and `akamai_property_activation`.

~> Version 1.0.0 and later of the Akamai Provider can only be automatically installed on Terraform 0.12 and later. Running `terraform init` starts the automatic installation.

## Summary of changes

Here's a summary of what's changed with version 1.0.0.

### Required changes
These resources and data sources require updates before you upgrade to version 1.0.0:

* [datasource akamai_property_rules](#akamai_property_rules-data-source)
* [resource akamai_property_activation](#akamai_property_activation-resource)
* [resource akamai_property_variables](#akamai_property_variables-resource)
  * [migrate variables](#migrate-akamai_property-variables)
* [resource akamai_cp_code](#akamai_cp_code-resource)
* [resource akamai_edge_hostname](#akamai_edge_hostname-resource)
* [resource akamai_property](#akamai_property-resource)
  * [migrate cpcode attribute](#migrate-akamai_property-cpcode)
  * [migrate is_secure attribute](#migrate-akamai_property-is_secure)
  * [migrate origin attribute](#migrate-akamai_property-origin)
  * [migrate variables](#migrate-akamai_property-variables)

### Recommended data source changes

These Common and Provisioning data sources have updates that would be helpful for you to apply before you upgrade to version 1.0.0:

* `akamai_contract`
* `akamai_group`
* `akamai_cp_code`

See [Recommended changes](#Recommended changes) for details.

## `akamai_property_rules` data source 

The `akamai_property_rules` data source was previously used for creating JSON-based property rules from Terraform blocks. 

With version 1.0.0, the new [`akamai_property_rules_template` data source](../data-sources/property_rules_template.md) is the new JSON templating tool. It's compatible with the [Property Manager CLI](https://github.com/akamai/cli-property-manager). 

You can now use the `akamai_property_rules` data source to query and retrieve the rule tree of an existing property version. 

### Required migration tasks

Before upgrading, complete these tasks:

1. Pull the JSON code for your property rules from state.
1. Save the JSON code to a file. 
1. In the JSON file, replace any injected variables with their variable references. You need to do this so variable expansion works with the new JSON templating method.

## `akamai_property_activation` resource

The `akamai_property_activation` resource lets you activate a property version.

### Required migration tasks

1. Rename the `property` attribute to `property_id`. The `property` attribute has been deprecated.  
1. Add the now required `version` attribute to the `akamai_property_activation` resource block. Previously this attribute was optional.  

### Removed fields

The `akamai_property_activation` resource no longer supports these fields:

* `activate` 
* `edge_hostname` 

## `akamai_property_variables` resource

The `akamai_property_variables` resource is no longer available. Variables are now managed as part of the JSON-based rule tree. 

### Required migration tasks

You have to complete the tasks in [Migrate akamai_property variables](#migrate-akamai_property-variables) before upgrading to version 1.0.0.

## `akamai_cp_code` resource 

The akamai_cp_code resource lets you create or reuse content provider (CP) codes.

### Create and import changes

In previous versions, the `akamai_cp_code` resource would automatically import an existing content provider (CP) code. With version 1.0.0, you have to manually import existing CP codes.

When importing with this resource, enter your IDs in this format: `cpcode_id,contract_id,group_id`.  

### Deprecated fields

Update these deprecated `akamai_cp_code` attributes to the new names listed:

* **`contract`**. Replace with `contract_id`. 
* **`group`**. Replace with `group_id`.
* **`product``**. Replace with `product_id`.

## `akamai_edge_hostname` resource 

The `akamai_edge_hostname` resource lets you configure a secure edge hostname. 

### Required migration tasks

Set up the new `ip_behavior` argument, which replaces the `ipv4` and `ipv6` arguments. Allowed values include: `IPV4` for IP version 4 only, `IPV6_PERFORMANCE` for IP version 6 only, or `IPV6_COMPLIANCE` for both 4 and 6. The default value is `IPV4`. 

### Create and import changes

In previous versions, the `akamai_edge_hostname` resource would automatically import when a conflict occurred. With version 1.0.0, you have to manually import an existing edge hostname configuration.

When importing with this resource, enter your IDs in this format: `edgehostname_id,contract_id,group_id`.  

### Deprecated fields

Update these deprecated `akamai_edge_hostname` attributes to the new names listed:

* **`contract`**. Replace with `contract_id`. 
* **`group`**. Replace with `group_id`.
* **`product``**. Replace with `product_id`.

## `akamai_property` resource

The `akamai_property` resource represents an Akamai property configuration. This resource lets you to create, update, and activate properties on the Akamai platform.

### Required migration tasks

1. If using the `cpcode` attribute, migrate it to a CP code behavior in your JSON rule tree.  See [Migrate property cpcode](#migrate-akamai_property-cpcode) for details.
1. If using the `is_secure` attribute, migrate it to an origin value in your JSON rule tree. See [Migrate is_secure](#migrate-akamai_property-is_secure) for details.
1. If using the `origin` attribute, migrate it to an origin behavior in your JSON rule tree. See [Migrate origin](#migrate-akamai_property-origin) for details.
1. If using the `variables` attribute, migrate it to your JSON rule tree. See [migrate cpcode](#migrating-akamai_property-variables) for details.

### Create and import changes

In previous versions, the `akamai_property` resource would automatically import when a conflict occurred. With version 1.0.0, you have to manually import an existing property configuration.

When importing with this resource, you have these options: 

* Enter the `property_id`.
* Enter this string to help clarify context: `property_id,contract_id,group_id`
 
### Field changes

This section lists `akamai_property` fields that have changed with version 1.0.0.

#### Deprecated fields

Update these deprecated `akamai_property` attributes to the new names listed:

* **`contract`**. Replace with `contract_id`. 
* **`group`**. Replace with `group_id`.
* **`product``**. Replace with `product_id`.

#### Removed fields

These fields were removed as they were not being used in the resource:

* `account`
* `contact`
* `edge_hostname` 

#### Renamed computed fields

The computed `version` field is now called `latest_version`.

## Migrate akamai_property cpcode

CP codes were previously managed with the `cp_code` attribute in the `akamai_property` resource. Sometimes the value of this attribute could conflict with the CP code settings in the JSON rule tree and cause unneeded updates to your Provisioning module configuration.

Before version 1.0.0, you might have a section like this in the `akamai_property` resource:

```
resource "akamai_property" "example_rs" {
    name    = "terraform-demo"
	...    
    cp_code  = "1234"	
}
```

For version 1.0.0 and later, you'll need a `cpCode` behavior in your JSON rule tree.
You should set up the `cpCode` behavior in the JSON template (`template_file`) 
defined in the [`akamai_property_rules_template` datasource](../data-sources/property_rules_template.md). 
Using the defined template file lets you resolve Terraform variables. Here's an 
example of the `cpCode` behavior in the rule tree:

```
{
    "rules": {
        "name": "default",
        "behaviors": [
            {
                "name": "cpCode",
                "options": {
                    "value": {
                       "id": 1234
                    }
                }
            }
        ],
        "children": []
    }
}
```

See the [cpCode behavior](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/vlatest.html#cpcode) for additional information. 

## Migrate akamai_property is_secure

The property's security setting was previously managed with the `is_secure` attribute in the `akamai_property` resource. Sometimes the value of this attribute could conflict with the security settings in the JSON rule tree and cause unneeded updates to your Provisioning module configuration.

Before version 1.0.0, you might have a section like this in the `akamai_property` resource:

```
resource "akamai_property" "example_rs" {
    name    = "terraform-demo"
    ...
	rule_format = "v2020-03-04"
    is_secure = true
}
```

For version 1.0.0 and later, you'll need to add the `is_secure` option to the default rule in your JSON rule tree. For example:

```
{
   "rules": {
       "name": "default",
       "children": [],
       "behaviors": [],
       "options": {
          "is_secure": true
       },
       "comments": "Behaviors in the default rule apply to all requests for the property hostnames unless another rule overrides the default rule settings."
   }
}
```

See additional documentation on [Property rule basic structure](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/v1.html#ruletrees)

## Migrate akamai_property origin

The property's origin settings were previously managed with the `origin` attribute 
in the `akamai_property` resource. Sometimes the value of this attribute could 
conflict with the origin settings in the JSON rule tree and cause unneeded updates 
to your Provisioning module configuration.

Before version 1.0.0, you might have a section like this in the `akamai_property` resource:

```
resource "akamai_property" "example_rs" {
    ...
    origin = {
        hostname = var.origin_hostname
        port = 80
        compress = true
        enable_true_client_ip = true
    }
}
```

You should set up the `origin` behavior in the JSON template (`template_file`) 
defined in the [`akamai_property_rules_template` datasource](../data-sources/property_rules_template.md). 
Using the defined template file lets you resolve Terraform variables. Here's an 
example of the `origin` behavior in a rule tree that uses Terraform variables like 
`var.origin_hostname`:

```
{
    "rules": {
        "name": "default",
        "behaviors": [
            {
                "name": "origin",
                "options": {
                    "compress": true,
                    "enableTrueClientIp": true,
                    "hostname": var.origin_hostname,
                    "httpPort": 80,
                }
            }
        ],
        "children": []
    }
}
```
See [Property origin](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/vlatest.html#origin) for more details.

## Migrate akamai_property variables

The Provisioning module used to have the `akamai_property_variables` resource that 
took Terraform blocks and formatted them into a JSON rule tree. This resource has 
been removed from version 1.0.0. Instead, you should manage variables directly in 
the property's JSON rule tree. Managing variables in the rule tree brings the Akamai
 Provider in line with the [Property Manager CLI](https://github.com/akamai/cli-property-manager).

Before version 1.0.0, you might have a section like this in the `akamai_property_variables` resource:

```
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
    name    = "terraform-demo"
    ...
    variables   = akamai_property_variables.origin.json
}
resource "akamai_property_variables" "origin" { 
   variables { 
      variable { 
         name = "PMUSER_ORIGIN" 
         value = var.origin 
         description = "Origin hostname" 
         hidden = true 
         sensitive = true
      }
   }
}
```

You should set up the variables in the JSON template (`template_file`) defined in the [`akamai_property_rules_template` datasource](../data-sources/property_rules_template.md). Using the defined template file lets you resolve Terraform variables. Here's an example of the `variable` section in a JSON rule tree:

```
{
    "rules": {
        "name": "default",
        "variables": [
            {
                "name": "PMUSER_ORIGIN",
                "value": var.origin,
                "description": "Origin hostname.",
                "hidden": true,
                "sensitive": true
            }
        ],
        "behaviors": [],
        "children": []
    }
}
```

See documentation on [Property variables](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/v1.html#declareavariable) for more information.

## Recommended changes

These Provisioning data sources have recommended field name updates:

* [akamai_contract](../data-sources/property_contract.md)
* [akamai_group](../data-sources/property_group.md)
* [akamai_cp_code](../data-sources/property_cp_code.md)

Making changes to these field names is recommended before upgrading to version 1.0.0:

| Data source | Field to rename |
|-------------|-----------------| 
| `akamai_contract` | Rename `group` to either `group_id` or `group_name` depending on usage. |
| `akamai_group` | Rename `contract` to `contract_id` and `name` to `group_name`. | 
| `akamai_cp_code` | Rename `contract` to `contract_id` and `group` to `group_id`. |

The deprecated fields will be removed from the Akamai Provider in a future release.

