docs/guides/get_started_provider.md, before:

---
layout: "akamai"
page_title: "Akamai: Get Started with the Akamai Terraform Provider"
description: |-
  Learn how to set up the Akamai Terraform Provider for the first time.
---

# Get Started with the Akamai Terraform Provider

If you've set up Akamai APIs before, some of the Akamai Provider 
setup tasks will look familiar. You'll need to create Akamai API clients 
for each of the modules you'll be using, and retrieve IDs for your contracts 
and groups. Other tasks, like setting up your `akamai.tf` file, are very
specific to Terraform.

Complete the tasks in this guide when setting up the Akamai
Provider for the first time.

## Workflow 

To set up the Akamai Provider, you need to:

* Make some decisions about how things should work.
* Set up your Terraform folder and configuration file.
* Create Akamai API clients for each module you'll use.
* Retrieve contract and group IDs.
* Set up your Akamai configuration in Terraform.
* Initialize the Akamai Provider.
* Test your Akamai Provider configuration.

## Make some decisions 

Before getting into the actual set up of the Akamai Provider, you need
to make some decisions about how you want things to work. You need to
answer these questions:

* **Authentication.** Which type of authentication method do you want to use? Options include:

  * **Local, shared API client.** Uses an account-level API client that all users can access.
  
  * **Individual API client.** Each user on your team needs to set up their own local `.edgerc` file with their own credentials.
  
  * **Inline credentials.** Have users add their credentials inline when using resources and data sources.
  
  * **Environment variables.** Use environment variables to set credentials. Any variables you set take precedence over the contents of the `.edgerc` configuration file.

  For details, see [Authenticate the Akamai Terraform Provider](../guides/akamai_provider_auth.md).

* **Modules.** Which modules are you using? The API clients you set up depend on the modules you choose. For example, if you want to use the Common data sources and resources, you'll need read access to the Property Manager API. 

* **Akamai configurations.** Are you going to use existing properties and other Akamai configurations with Terraform? Or are you going to start from scratch?

* **Supporting processes.** Are other people in your organization used to making changes via Control Center, an Akamai API, or an Akamai CLI? If they are, you'll need to develop new processes to make sure your Terraform configuration files are fully up to date and the single source of truth.

## Set up your akamai.tf file

Now that you made some decisions, you need to set up a Terraform configuration file for the Akamai modules you're using.

1. Create a new folder called `terraform`.
2. Create a file inside your new folder and name it `akamai.tf`.
3. Continue with [Create Akamai API clients](#create-akamai-api-clients).

## Create Akamai API clients

Create an Akamai API client with the right permissions and valid
credentials to authenticate your Akamai Provider files. Your Akamai API
client needs read-write permission to the APIs associated with the
Akamai Provider modules you're using, like DNS or Provisioning.

Once you set up the API clients, you add credential information from those clients to your `akamai.tf` file.

See the [Authenticate the Akamai Terraform Provider](../guides/akamai_provider_auth.md)
guide for details. Once you're done authenticating, come back here to complete 
the Akamai Provider setup.

## Retrieve contract and group IDs

You'll need contract and group IDs to use most Akamai Provider modules. 

You can retrieve these IDs through the [`akamai_contract`](../data-sources/property_contract.md) and
[`akamai_group`](../data-sources/property_group.md) data sources, which require read access to the Property
Manager API. You can also get this information from the Contracts app in Akamai
Control Center, or by using other Akamai APIs or CLIs.

### Retrieve contract IDs with akamai_contract

You can get your contract ID automatically using the [`akamai_contract` data source](../data-sources/property_contract.md). This data source requires access to the Property Manager (PAPI) API service. See [Set up your API clients](../guides/akamai_provider_auth.md#set-up-your-api-clients)

To retrieve the default contract you need to enter a group name or ID no attributes need to be set:

```hcl
data "akamai_contract" "default" {
     group_name = "example group name"

}
```

Alternatively, if you have multiple contracts, you can specify the `group` that contains it:

```hcl
data "akamai_contract" "default" {
	group_name = "default"
}
```

You can now refer to the contract ID using the `id` attribute: `data.akamai_contract.default.id`.

### Retrieve group IDs with akamai_group

If you're not familiar with Akamai groups, they control access to your
Akamai configurations and help consolidate reporting functions. Each account
 features a hierarchy of groups, which typically map to an organizational hierarchy.

Your account admins can use Control Center or the [Identity Management: User Administration API](https://developer.akamai.com/en-us/api/core_features/identity_management_user_admin/v2.html)
to set up groups, each with their own set of users and roles.

You can get your group ID automatically using the [`akamai_group` data source](../data-sources/property_group.md). To retrieve the default group ID you need to enter a contract ID:


```hcl
data "akamai_group" "default" {
	contract_id = data.akamai_contract.default.id
}
``` 

To get a specific group, you can specify the `name` argument:

```hcl
data "akamai_group" "default" {
	name = "example"
	contract_id = data.akamai_contract.default.id
}
```

You can now refer to the group ID using the `id` attribute: `data.akamai_group.default.id`.

## Set up your Akamai configurations in Terraform

You're now ready to import existing configurations or create new ones
from scratch.

At this point in the setup, you should refer to the guides for the
Akamai modules you're using:

| **Module** | **Guide** |
|------------|------------|
| Application Security | [Get Started with Application Security](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/akamai/akamai/latest/docs/guides/get_started_appsec) |
| Edge DNS (DNS) | [Get Started with DNS Zone Administration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/akamai/akamai/latest/docs/guides/get_started_dns_zone) | 
| Global Traffic Management | [Get Started with GTM Domain Administration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/akamai/akamai/latest/docs/guides/get_started_gtm_domain) | 
| Property Manager (Provisioning and Common modules) | [Get Started with Property Provisioning](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/akamai/akamai/latest/docs/guides/get_started_property) |

-> **Note** Both Terraform and the Akamai Terraform CLI package come
pre-installed in the Akamai Development Environment. Get more details in
our [[installation
Instructions](https://developer.akamai.com/blog/2020/05/26/set-development-environment).

Once you're done with the module-level setup, continue with the next
sections to initialize and test the Akamai Provider.

## Initialize the Akamai Provider

Once you have your configuration complete, save the `akamai.tf` file. Then
switch to the terminal to initialize Terraform using the command:

`$ terraform init`

This command installs the latest version of the Akamai Provider, as well
as any other providers you're using. To update
the Akamai Provider version after a new release, simply run `terraform
init` again.

## Test your configuration

To test your configuration, use Terraform's `plan` command:

`$ terraform plan`

This command makes Terraform create a plan for the work it will do
based on the `akamai.tf` configuration file. It doesn't actually make any changes
and is safe to run as many times as you like.

Commit message:

Added links to IAM module doc and fixed regression in the index file (main page).

docs/guides/get_started_provider.md, after:

---
layout: "akamai"
page_title: "Akamai: Get Started with the Akamai Terraform Provider"
description: |-
  Learn how to set up the Akamai Terraform Provider for the first time.
---

# Get Started with the Akamai Terraform Provider

If you've set up Akamai APIs before, some of the Akamai Provider 
setup tasks will look familiar. You'll need to create Akamai API clients 
for each of the modules you'll be using, and retrieve IDs for your contracts 
and groups. Other tasks, like setting up your `akamai.tf` file, are very
specific to Terraform.

Complete the tasks in this guide when setting up the Akamai
Provider for the first time.

## Workflow 

To set up the Akamai Provider, you need to:

* Make some decisions about how things should work.
* Set up your Terraform folder and configuration file.
* Create Akamai API clients for each module you'll use.
* Retrieve contract and group IDs.
* Set up your Akamai configuration in Terraform.
* Initialize the Akamai Provider.
* Test your Akamai Provider configuration.

## Make some decisions 

Before getting into the actual set up of the Akamai Provider, you need
to make some decisions about how you want things to work. You need to
answer these questions:

* **Authentication.** Which type of authentication method do you want to use? Options include:

  * **Local, shared API client.** Uses an account-level API client that all users can access.
  
  * **Individual API client.** Each user on your team needs to set up their own local `.edgerc` file with their own credentials.
  
  * **Inline credentials.** Have users add their credentials inline when using resources and data sources.
  
  * **Environment variables.** Use environment variables to set credentials. Any variables you set take precedence over the contents of the `.edgerc` configuration file.

  For details, see [Authenticate the Akamai Terraform Provider](../guides/akamai_provider_auth.md).

* **Modules.** Which modules are you using? The API clients you set up depend on the modules you choose. For example, if you want to use the Common data sources and resources, you'll need read access to the Property Manager API. 

* **Akamai configurations.** Are you going to use existing properties and other Akamai configurations with Terraform? Or are you going to start from scratch?

* **Supporting processes.** Are other people in your organization used to making changes via Control Center, an Akamai API, or an Akamai CLI? If they are, you'll need to develop new processes to make sure your Terraform configuration files are fully up to date and the single source of truth.

## Set up your akamai.tf file

Now that you made some decisions, you need to set up a Terraform configuration file for the Akamai modules you're using.

1. Create a new folder called `terraform`.
2. Create a file inside your new folder and name it `akamai.tf`.
3. Continue with [Create Akamai API clients](#create-akamai-api-clients).

## Create Akamai API clients

Create an Akamai API client with the right permissions and valid
credentials to authenticate your Akamai Provider files. Your Akamai API
client needs read-write permission to the APIs associated with the
Akamai Provider modules you're using, like DNS or Provisioning.

Once you set up the API clients, you add credential information from those clients to your `akamai.tf` file.

See the [Authenticate the Akamai Terraform Provider](../guides/akamai_provider_auth.md)
guide for details. Once you're done authenticating, come back here to complete 
the Akamai Provider setup.

## Retrieve contract and group IDs

You'll need contract and group IDs to use most Akamai Provider modules. 

You can retrieve these IDs through the [`akamai_contract`](../data-sources/property_contract.md) and
[`akamai_group`](../data-sources/property_group.md) data sources, which require read access to the Property
Manager API. You can also get this information from the Contracts app in Akamai
Control Center, or by using other Akamai APIs or CLIs.

### Retrieve contract IDs with akamai_contract

You can get your contract ID automatically using the [`akamai_contract` data source](../data-sources/property_contract.md). This data source requires access to the Property Manager (PAPI) API service. See [Set up your API clients](../guides/akamai_provider_auth.md#set-up-your-api-clients)

To retrieve the default contract you need to enter a group name or ID no attributes need to be set:

```hcl
data "akamai_contract" "default" {
     group_name = "example group name"

}
```

Alternatively, if you have multiple contracts, you can specify the `group` that contains it:

```hcl
data "akamai_contract" "default" {
	group_name = "default"
}
```

You can now refer to the contract ID using the `id` attribute: `data.akamai_contract.default.id`.

### Retrieve group IDs with akamai_group

If you're not familiar with Akamai groups, they control access to your
Akamai configurations and help consolidate reporting functions. Each account
 features a hierarchy of groups, which typically map to an organizational hierarchy.

Your account admins can use Control Center or the [Identity Management: User Administration API](https://developer.akamai.com/en-us/api/core_features/identity_management_user_admin/v2.html)
to set up groups, each with their own set of users and roles.

You can get your group ID automatically using the [`akamai_group` data source](../data-sources/property_group.md). To retrieve the default group ID you need to enter a contract ID:


```hcl
data "akamai_group" "default" {
	contract_id = data.akamai_contract.default.id
}
``` 

To get a specific group, you can specify the `name` argument:

```hcl
data "akamai_group" "default" {
	name = "example"
	contract_id = data.akamai_contract.default.id
}
```

You can now refer to the group ID using the `id` attribute: `data.akamai_group.default.id`.

## Set up your Akamai configurations in Terraform

You're now ready to import existing configurations or create new ones
from scratch.

At this point in the setup, you should refer to the guides for the
Akamai modules you're using:

| **Module** | **Guide** |
|------------|------------|
| Application Security | [Get Started with Application Security](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/akamai/akamai/latest/docs/guides/get_started_appsec) |
| Edge DNS (DNS) | [Get Started with DNS Zone Administration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/akamai/akamai/latest/docs/guides/get_started_dns_zone) | 
| Global Traffic Management | [Get Started with GTM Domain Administration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/akamai/akamai/latest/docs/guides/get_started_gtm_domain) | 
| Identity and Access Management | [Get Started with the Identity and Access Management Module](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/akamai/akamai/latest/docs/guides/get_started_iam.md) |
| Property Manager (Provisioning and Common modules) | [Get Started with Property Provisioning](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/akamai/akamai/latest/docs/guides/get_started_property) |

-> **Note** Both Terraform and the Akamai Terraform CLI package come
pre-installed in the Akamai Development Environment. Get more details in
our [[installation
Instructions](https://developer.akamai.com/blog/2020/05/26/set-development-environment).

Once you're done with the module-level setup, continue with the next
sections to initialize and test the Akamai Provider.

## Initialize the Akamai Provider

Once you have your configuration complete, save the `akamai.tf` file. Then
switch to the terminal to initialize Terraform using the command:

`$ terraform init`

This command installs the latest version of the Akamai Provider, as well
as any other providers you're using. To update
the Akamai Provider version after a new release, simply run `terraform
init` again.

## Test your configuration

To test your configuration, use Terraform's `plan` command:

`$ terraform plan`

This command makes Terraform create a plan for the work it will do
based on the `akamai.tf` configuration file. It doesn't actually make any changes
and is safe to run as many times as you like.
