docs/resources/property.md, before:

---
layout: "akamai"
page_title: "Akamai: property"
subcategory: "Provisioning"
description: |-
  Create and update Akamai properties.
---

# akamai_property

~> **Note** Version 1.0.0 of the Akamai Terraform Provider is now available for the Provisioning module. To upgrade to the new version, you have to update this resource. See the [migration guide](../guides/1.0_migration.md) for details.

The `akamai_property` resource represents an Akamai property configuration.
This resource lets you to create, update, and activate properties on the
Akamai platform.

Akamai’s edge network caches your web assets near to servers that request them.
A property provides the main way to control how edge servers respond to various
kinds of requests for those assets. Properties apply rules to a set of hostnames,
and you can only apply one property at a time to any given hostname. Each property
is assigned to a product, which determines which behaviors you can use. Each
property’s default rule needs a valid content provider (CP) code assigned to bill
and report for the service.

~> **Note** In version 0.10 and earlier of this resource, it also controlled content provider (CP) codes, origin settings, rules, and hostname associations. Starting with version 1.0.0, this logic is broken out into individual resources.

## Example usage

Basic usage:

```hcl
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
    name    = "terraform-demo"
    product_id  = "prd_SPM"
    contract_id = var.contractid
    group_id    = var.groupid
    hostnames {                                     # Hostname configuration
      cname_from = "example.com"
      cname_to = "example.com.edgekey.net"
      cert_provisioning_type = "DEFAULT"
    }
    hostnames {
      cname_from = "www.example.com"
      cname_to = "example.com.edgesuite.net"
      cert_provisioning_type = "CPS_MANAGED"
    }
    rule_format = "v2020-03-04"
    rules       = data.akamai_property_rules_template.example.json
}
```

## Argument reference

This resource supports these arguments:

* `name` - (Required) The property name.
* `contract_id` - (Required) A contract's unique ID, including the `ctr_` prefix.
* `group_id` - (Required) A group's unique ID, including the `grp_` prefix.
* `product_id` - (Required to create, otherwise Optional) A product's unique ID, including the `prd_` prefix.
* `hostnames` - (Optional) A mapping of public hostnames to edge hostnames. See the [`akamai_property_hostnames`](../data-sources/property_hostnames.md) data source for details on the necessary DNS configuration.

    ~> **Note** `hostnames` argument now supports a new input block. Make sure you replace your previous input for this argument with the new syntax.

    Requires these additional arguments:

      * `cname_from` - (Required) A string containing the original origin's hostname. For example, `"example.org"`.
      * `cname_to` - (Required) A string containing the hostname for edge content. For example,  `"example.org.edgesuite.net"`.
      * `cert_provisioning_type` - (Required) The certificate’s provisioning type, either the default `CPS_MANAGED` type for the custom certificates you provision with the [Certificate Provisioning System (CPS)](https://learn.akamai.com/en-us/products/core_features/certificate_provisioning_system.html), or `DEFAULT` for certificates provisioned automatically.
* `rules` - (Required) A JSON-encoded rule tree for a given property. For this argument, you need to enter a complete JSON rule tree, unless you set up a series of JSON templates. See the [`akamai_property_rules`](../data-sources/property_rules.md) data source.
* `rule_format` - (Optional) The [rule format](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/v1.html#getruleformats) to use. Uses the latest rule format by default.

### Deprecated arguments

* `contract` - (Deprecated) Replaced by `contract_id`. Maintained for legacy purposes.
* `group` - (Deprecated) Replaced by `group_id`. Maintained for legacy purposes.
* `product` - (Deprecated) Optional argument replaced by the now required `product_id`. Maintained for legacy purposes.

## Attribute reference

The resource returns these attributes:

* `warnings` - The contents of `warnings` field returned by the API. For more information see [Errors](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/v1.html#errors) in the PAPI documentation.
* `errors` - The contents of `errors` field returned by the API. For more information see [Errors](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/v1.html#errors) in the PAPI documentation.
* `latest_version` - The version of the property you've created or updated rules for. The Akamai Provider always uses the latest version or creates a new version if latest is not editable.
* `production_version` - The current version of the property active on the Akamai production network.
* `staging_version` - The current version of the property active on the Akamai staging network.

## Import

Basic Usage:

```hcl
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
    # (resource arguments)
  }
```

You can import Akamai properties by using either the `property_id` or a comma-delimited
string of the property, contract, and group IDs. You'll need to enter the string of IDs if the property belongs to multiple groups or contracts.

If using the string of IDs, you need to enter them in this order:

`property_id,contract_id,group_id`

Here are some examples:

```shell
$ terraform import akamai_property.example prp_123
```

Or

```shell
$ terraform import akamai_property.example prp_123,ctr_1-AB123,grp_123
```

Commit message:

changelog and doc update
Additional information regarding hostnames syntax change.

docs/resources/property.md, after:

---
layout: "akamai"
page_title: "Akamai: property"
subcategory: "Provisioning"
description: |-
  Create and update Akamai properties.
---

# akamai_property

~> **Note** Version 1.0.0 of the Akamai Terraform Provider is now available for the Provisioning module. To upgrade to the new version, you have to update this resource. See the [migration guide](../guides/1.0_migration.md) for details.
~> **Note** Hostnames syntax changed to block type since 1.5.0. Existing terraform users with hostnames defined in older syntax(1.4.0 or before) need to manually fix their hostnames configuration and existing state if needed. 
If the state is corrupted, Users have can either re-import the property from scratch or manually modify the state file. 

The `akamai_property` resource represents an Akamai property configuration.
This resource lets you to create, update, and activate properties on the
Akamai platform.

Akamai’s edge network caches your web assets near to servers that request them.
A property provides the main way to control how edge servers respond to various
kinds of requests for those assets. Properties apply rules to a set of hostnames,
and you can only apply one property at a time to any given hostname. Each property
is assigned to a product, which determines which behaviors you can use. Each
property’s default rule needs a valid content provider (CP) code assigned to bill
and report for the service.

~> **Note** In version 0.10 and earlier of this resource, it also controlled content provider (CP) codes, origin settings, rules, and hostname associations. Starting with version 1.0.0, this logic is broken out into individual resources.

## Example usage

Basic usage:

```hcl
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
    name    = "terraform-demo"
    product_id  = "prd_SPM"
    contract_id = var.contractid
    group_id    = var.groupid
    hostnames {                                     # Hostname configuration
      cname_from = "example.com"
      cname_to = "example.com.edgekey.net"
      cert_provisioning_type = "DEFAULT"
    }
    hostnames {
      cname_from = "www.example.com"
      cname_to = "example.com.edgesuite.net"
      cert_provisioning_type = "CPS_MANAGED"
    }
    rule_format = "v2020-03-04"
    rules       = data.akamai_property_rules_template.example.json
}
```

## Argument reference

This resource supports these arguments:

* `name` - (Required) The property name.
* `contract_id` - (Required) A contract's unique ID, including the `ctr_` prefix.
* `group_id` - (Required) A group's unique ID, including the `grp_` prefix.
* `product_id` - (Required to create, otherwise Optional) A product's unique ID, including the `prd_` prefix.
* `hostnames` - (Optional) A mapping of public hostnames to edge hostnames. See the [`akamai_property_hostnames`](../data-sources/property_hostnames.md) data source for details on the necessary DNS configuration.

    ~> **Note** `hostnames` argument now supports a new input block. Make sure you replace your previous input for this argument with the new syntax.

    Requires these additional arguments:

      * `cname_from` - (Required) A string containing the original origin's hostname. For example, `"example.org"`.
      * `cname_to` - (Required) A string containing the hostname for edge content. For example,  `"example.org.edgesuite.net"`.
      * `cert_provisioning_type` - (Required) The certificate’s provisioning type, either the default `CPS_MANAGED` type for the custom certificates you provision with the [Certificate Provisioning System (CPS)](https://learn.akamai.com/en-us/products/core_features/certificate_provisioning_system.html), or `DEFAULT` for certificates provisioned automatically.
* `rules` - (Required) A JSON-encoded rule tree for a given property. For this argument, you need to enter a complete JSON rule tree, unless you set up a series of JSON templates. See the [`akamai_property_rules`](../data-sources/property_rules.md) data source.
* `rule_format` - (Optional) The [rule format](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/v1.html#getruleformats) to use. Uses the latest rule format by default.

### Deprecated arguments

* `contract` - (Deprecated) Replaced by `contract_id`. Maintained for legacy purposes.
* `group` - (Deprecated) Replaced by `group_id`. Maintained for legacy purposes.
* `product` - (Deprecated) Optional argument replaced by the now required `product_id`. Maintained for legacy purposes.

## Attribute reference

The resource returns these attributes:

* `warnings` - The contents of `warnings` field returned by the API. For more information see [Errors](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/v1.html#errors) in the PAPI documentation.
* `errors` - The contents of `errors` field returned by the API. For more information see [Errors](https://developer.akamai.com/api/core_features/property_manager/v1.html#errors) in the PAPI documentation.
* `latest_version` - The version of the property you've created or updated rules for. The Akamai Provider always uses the latest version or creates a new version if latest is not editable.
* `production_version` - The current version of the property active on the Akamai production network.
* `staging_version` - The current version of the property active on the Akamai staging network.

## Import

Basic Usage:

```hcl
resource "akamai_property" "example" {
    # (resource arguments)
  }
```

You can import Akamai properties by using either the `property_id` or a comma-delimited
string of the property, contract, and group IDs. You'll need to enter the string of IDs if the property belongs to multiple groups or contracts.

If using the string of IDs, you need to enter them in this order:

`property_id,contract_id,group_id`

Here are some examples:

```shell
$ terraform import akamai_property.example prp_123
```

Or

```shell
$ terraform import akamai_property.example prp_123,ctr_1-AB123,grp_123
```
